Update Desktop Modeler connector template documentation (#4187)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/release-notes/860.md

<!-- https://github.com/camunda/product-hub/issues/2253 -->

> The Modeler now makes templates for pre-built Camunda 8 connectors available for use in BPMN diagrams. This ensures you can easily connect to a growing list of services and protocols, out of the box.

Reviewer: Regardless of wording, we do need to uppercase Connectors consistently 😄

> The Modeler now makes templates for pre-built Camunda 8 connectors available for use in BPMN diagrams. This ensures you can easily connect to a growing list of services and protocols, out of the box.

Author: ```suggestion
Modeler now offers pre-built templates in BPMN diagrams for Camunda 8 Connectors. This ensures you can easily connect to a growing list of services and protocols, out of the box.
```

> The Modeler now makes templates for pre-built Camunda 8 connectors available for use in BPMN diagrams. This ensures you can easily connect to a growing list of services and protocols, out of the box.

Author: Applied, thanks.
